Problems faced while transportation:
1)	Traffic Congestion :
a.	While transportation traffic congestion may have very high importance as if we have to travel a particular distance within a specific time then if there is traffic jams.

2)	Parking Issues :
a.	As urbanization is increasing day by day , infrasture is increasing greatly hence safe are for parking our vehicle is decreasing  and if there is no parking slot in between our destination when we have to go for rest then it may be very difficult and time consuming for us to search for a parking slot near to our rest area.
3)	Fuel or Maintenance cost : 
a.	Fuel on earth is decreasing day by day , because of this cost of fuel is increasing and to go to our destination fuel is very essential ,along with manintace of our vehicle , its high cost is also now becoming a problem.
4)	Lack of public transportation facilities :
a.	If we don’t have to go from our private vehicle then this problem may arrive , as we have to go to our destination before a specific time but due to lack of transportation facility , source vehicle may not be available at that time.
5)	Environmental issues :
a.	During transportation environment degradation is also a problem we face , as if we transport between one location to another air and sand pollution increases . also we have to take care about what will be the environmental conditions like unpredicted weather between our source and destination and what will be the condition at destination.
6)	Transportation way’s Infrastructure : This is also a major problem as poor infrastructure of roadway leads to more consumption in time.
7)	Safety: Safety is also a problem while transportation as any mistake in safety due to traveling may lead to cost of life .
8) 	Cleanliness of our vehicle : While transportation through big vehicles like ships , we have to maintain its cleanliness otherwise it may also cause various problems or health issues.
9) 	Overweight : while transporting from airplane or ships we have to maintain a factor of safety in total weight against it.
10) Damage to vehicles : In vehicles like ships we have to face cargo damage problems. Cargo damage from carrier/terminal mishandling very rarely happens.
11) Security :  While transportation security is also very important.
12) Staying Away from Family : If we are not traveling with our family or with or known person then we always miss them during the long journey.




